Modify Rule S6258(IAC): Add additionnal util recommendation (#1263)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6258/recommended.adoc

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

> Enable the logging capabilities of this component. Depending on the component, 
> new permissions might be required by the logging storage components. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the logging capabilities of this component. Applying write
permissions in the logging storage resource may be required. +
```

Author: Slack discussion: Other permissions may be required, more than write

For example, AWS Application Load Balancer Access Logs
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/enable-access-logging.html[require

> an additional bucket policy].

Reviewer: If we could personalize depending on which Cloud platform the rule is being flagged on I would be up to it but not sure we should be giving an AWS example when it flags for Azure or GCP. WDYT?

Author: Yeah, I thought about that, and I still wrote this because I would emphasize the users to directly go see their docs. Most of the time it won't flag for a specific AWS ALB, so it's just an example here

Author: ```suggestion
You should consult the official documentation to enable logging for the impacted components.
For example, AWS Application Load Balancer Access Logs
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/enable-access-logging.html[require
an additional bucket policy].
```

> For example, AWS Application Load Balancer Access Logs
> https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/enable-access-logging.html[require
> an additional bucket policy].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: disregarded, as per slack convo
